[Notifier] Telnyx (#15377)
symfony/symfony-docs: notifier.rst

Smsapi          ``symfony/smsapi-notifier``           ``smsapi://TOKEN@default?from=FROM``
SmsBiuras       ``symfony/sms-biuras-notifier``       ``smsbiuras://UID:API_KEY@default?from=FROM&test_mode=0``
SpotHit         ``symfony/spothit-notifier``          ``spothit://TOKEN@default?from=FROM``
Telnyx          ``symfony/telnyx-notifier``           ``telnyx://API_KEY@default?from=FROM&messaging_profile_id=MESSAGING_PROFILE_ID``
Twilio          ``symfony/twilio-notifier``           ``twilio://SID:TOKEN@default?from=FROM``
==============  ====================================  ===========================================================================

> 

Reviewer: Please add a versionadded directive for `5.4` below

    The Iqsms, GatewayApi, Octopush, AllMySms, Clickatell, SpotHit, FakeSms, LightSms, SmsBiuras
    and MessageBird integrations were introduced in Symfony 5.3.

.. versionadded:: 5.4

>     The Telnyx integrations were introduced in Symfony 5.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Telnyx integration was introduced in Symfony 5.4.
```

Author: Fixed. Updated
